RASHMI GAUTAM

730 E Evelyn Ave,Sunnyvale, CA-94086				(804) 334-6386
mailto:rashmi.gautam@gmail.com
http://www.linkedin.com/pub/rashmi-gautam/a/a23/a87

Summary of Qualifications	
10 plus years of experience as Technology Lead with architectural knowledge of establishing and implementing data warehouse and business intelligence systems. 	 
Exceptional background in analysis, design, development, and implementation and testing of enterprise level data warehouse/business intelligence projects.
Excellent knowledge of data analysis  and  ETL to create an integrated enterprise data warehouse.
Worked on all phases of data warehouse development lifecycle, from gathering requirements to testing, implementation, and support.
Expertise  utilizing ETL tools-Informatica and Teradata.
Hands on experience in reporting tools - BO and Tableau
Experience in training developers and advising technical groups on ETL best practices.
Excellent technical and analytical skills with clear understanding of design goals of ER modeling for OLTP and dimension modeling for OLAP.
Team leader with excellent communication and problem solving skills.
Experienced in scheduling and estimation of ETL projects
9 years of experience in onsite-offshore delivery model/Global delivery Model
6 years of direct client interfacing experience

Technical Skills
Informatica 9.1,Teradata 12, Business Objects,Tableau,Microsoft Office Suite, Microsoft Visual SourceSafe,Windows NT/2000/XP, UNIX ,Sharepoint,Macintosh and Apple apps

Education 
Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) in Computer Technology from Nagpur University, India

Work Status
H1-B VISA

Certifications and Trainings
AHIP - Fundamentals of Health Insurance Part A
AHIP - Fundamentals of Health Insurance Part B
Infosys PM Elite Lite - T100 Certification
Informatica Exam N: PowerCenter 7 Mapping Design
Informatica Exam P: PowerCenter 7 Advanced Mapping Design
Informatica Exam M: PowerCenter 7 Architecture and Administration
Teradata Basics V2R5 Exam Certification

Professional Experience

December 2013 - June 2014
November 2003-November 2013 - Infosys Technologies Ltd. (NASDAQ: INFY)

Client : Apple Inc.
September 2012-   Till Date
Joined Global Business Intelligence Team at Apple Inc as a Functional Lead.
Currently working across applications like WorldWide Iphone Sales Reporting,Tableau based dashboard , EDW semantic applications, and retail data induction.Involved in Project management for Channel Sales Portfolio at Apple Inc.

Role:	Project Manager

Responsibilities:
Liaison with business on new requirements and brainstorming 
GAP analysis
Functional specifications designing and testing.
Post implementation support.
Create project plan and  Track project progress 
Coordinate with development team. Resolve all risks/ issues/dependencies on cross functional teams
Provide project status - List of development tracks,Risks & Issues   on weekly basis.

Role:	Project Manager

Client : WellPoint
June 2008-August 2012
Enterprise Valuation Application development for WellPoint, a leading health-care provider in USA.
This project involves development and maintenance of the Enterprise Valuation Platform. This integrated data mart and application helped the Actuarial team in critical month-end reporting and reserving.
Received 7/7 customer Delight rating from client.

Role:	Project Lead

Responsibilities:
Review of Business & Technical Requirements
Managing the offshore/onsite project team from onsite
Design and Architecture
Estimation
Coding and Testing
Implementation
Warranty Support and Enhancements
Liaison between technical and business team
Invoicing and Billing activities

November 2003- May2008
Worked on development of Enterprise Operational Data Store, Enterprise Data warehouse, DWH Production support activities,Integration of Data-warehouses for WellPoint, USA at both offshore and onsite locations.
